A03-L32-Q01-In software development projects, "Capability" can also be called
A. Organization.
B. Effort.
C. Process.
D. Methodology.
ANSWER: C
 
A03-L32-Q02-How do we define the concept of "Maturity"?
A. The maturity level is equal to the MINIMUM level that is reached by ALL of our capabilities / processes (lowest process level).
B. The maturity level is equal to the MAXIMUM level that is reached by ONE of our capabilities / processes (highest process level).
C. The maturity level is equal to the AVERAGE level that is reached by ALL of our capabilities / processes (average process level).
D. The maturity level is unrelated to the level of our capabilities / processes and awarded by an auditor.
ANSWER: A
 
A03-L32-Q03-If we think about the "B2" certification of a language as a maturity level, what could we call "Usage of simple future", "Usage of future perfect", "Being able to understand a speaker in a loud rood" and so on? 
A. Resources.
B. Levels.
C. Models.
D. Capabilities.
ANSWER: D
 
A03-L32-Q04-What does a Process Reference Model provide?
A. Certification guidelines to judge the maturity of an organization.
B. Good practices for various processes.
C. Mechanisms to improve processes (Making them better than they used to be).
D. No description above is correct.
ANSWER: B
 
A03-L32-Q05-What does CMMI stand for?
A. Capabilities Maturities Measurements Integrations.
B. Control Maturity Model Integration.
C. Capability Maturity Model Integration.
D. Capability Model Maturity Integration.
ANSWER: C

A03-L32-Q06-Can we say that if a software product is good for what it has been developed it has quality?
A.- No, only fits for the purpose.
B.- Yes, but it doesn't mean the product is perfect or it couldn't be improved.
C.- No, because quality is related to the visual part of the software.
D.- None of them.
ANSWER: B

A03-L32-Q07-What does it mean a software is conformable?
A.- It's a software which it's okay, but not very good.
B.- The software it's not finished.
C.- The software fits for its purpose.
D.- None of them.
ANSWER: C

A03-L32-Q08-Quality should have a preventive part?
A.- Yes, because it solves some non conformance situations.
B.- No, it doesn't matter. 
C.- Quality is only for the end of the process.
D.- None of the above.
ANSWER: A

A03-L32-Q09-Which characteristics a portable software has?
A.- Adaptability, capability to be installed, capability to be replaced.
B.- Adaptability, capability to be installed.
C.- Adaptability, capability to be replaced. 
D.- Only adaptability as you can use it on any device with that.
ANSWER: A

A03-L32-Q10-What does it mean an enterprise is mature?
A.- It has been in the business for a long time.
B.- It does more software processes and it makes them better.
C.- The enterprise has a lot of sales.
D.- The enterprise is the same as quality.
ANSWER: B

A03-L32-Q11-Which of these concepts it´s not a concept of quality.
A.- Fitness for use
B.- Extent to which a set of inherent characteristics meet requirements
C.- Meeting requirements and reliability on the working.
D.- Some unimportants defects 
ANSER: D

WA03-L32-Q12-hat is the definition of Quality plan?
A.- Part of the Quality Management focused on the statement of the quality goals and the specification of the required operative processes for the resources to meet the quality goals.
B.- global intentions and orientation of an organization relative to the quality as expressed by the high-Management.
C.- Part of the Quality Policy focused on the statement of the quality defects and the specification of the required operative processes for the resources.
D.- Part of the Quality Management aimed at assuring trustworthiness or confidence that quality requirements will be met.
ANSWER: A

A03-L32-Q13-Assessment Types of Software process quality
A.- Capability
B.- Maturity
C.- Expense
D.- A and B are true
ANSWER: D

A03-L32-Q14-Which of these is a Process assessment rule:
A.- ISO 33000
B.- ISO 12207
C.- ISO 27000
D.- ISO 17309
ANSWER: A

A03-L32-Q15-What is the process assessment ISO 33000
A.- Level 0 Incomplete, level 1 Performed, Level 2 Managed, level 3 established, level 4 Predictable, level 5 Optimizing
B.- Level 0 Optimizing, level 1 Predictable, Level 2 established, level 3 Managed, level 4 Performed, level 5 Incomplete
C.- Level 0 complete, level 1 achieved, Level 2 Managed, level 3 standby , level 4 Predictable, level 5 feasible
D.- All of the sentences are false
ANSWER: A

A03-L03-Q16: Which of the Quality Characteristics is wrong?
A. Quality characteristics are not independant
B. Multi dimensional
C. It is absolute
D. Has some restrictions
ANSWER:C

A03-L03-Q17: Which one related to Quality is wrong?
A. Conformance: only compliance with customer requests
B. Preventive Action: Taken action to fix the root causes of a non conformance or any other potentially undesirable situation
C. Quality Management System: management system to manage and control an organization with respect to quality
D. Quality Policy: global intentions and orientation of an organization relative to the quality as expressed by the high-Management
ANSWER: A

A03-L03-Q18: Which of the Quality Assessment steps is correct?
A. Conduct the assessment - Specify assessment -  Design assessment - Establish assessment requirement - End assessment
B. Specify assessment - Conduct the assessment - Design assessment - Establish assessment requirement - End assessment
C. Establish assessment requirement - Specify assessment - Conduct the assessment -  Design assessment - End assessment
D. Establish assessment requirement - Specify assessment - Design assessment - Conduct the assessment - End assessment
ANSWER: D

A03-L03-Q19: Quality of a software product largely depends on manufacturing (development) process. To achieve adequate levels of quality, it is necessary that: 
Which one is wrong?
A. The process produces the unexpected results
B. The process is grounded on a sound defintion
C. The process produces the expected results
D. The process can be improved according to the business goals
ANSWER: A

A03-L03-Q20: Which option gives the correct definition of  Defect or bug?
A.Error doing any activity concerning software (perceived by testers)
B.Mistake made by a person (in this context, a software engineer).
C.Deviation regarding the expected, required behaviour of the system  (detected by users)
D.The most common type is based on the comparison between the expected  and actual output of a test case.
ANSWER: A

A03-L03-Q21-What is Quality model?:
A. Set of quality characteristics.
B. Criterium to judge quality.
C. Part of the Quality Management aimed at meeting the quality
requirement.
D. Part of the Quality Management aimed at assuring
trustworthiness or confidence that quality requierements will be met.
ANSWER: A

A03-L03-Q22-Which of these ones is not part of Functional Adequacy?:
A. Maturity.
B. Completeness.
C. Correctness.
D. Adequacy.
ANSWER: A

A03-L03-Q23-Which one is part od Compatibility?:
A. Integrity.
B. Coxistence.
C. Interoperability.
D. B and C are correct.
ANSWER: D

A03-L03-Q24-To achieve an adequate level of quality, what is necessary?:
A. The process produces the expected results.
B. The process is grounded on a sound defintion.
C. All are correct.
D. The process can be improved according to the business goals.
ANSWER: C

A03-L03-Q25-How many levels of maturity does AENOR_AQCLab Model has?:
A. 2.
B. 3.
C. 4.
D. 5.
ANSWER: D
