A01-L21-Q01-The release  management consists on...:
A. Prepare te software for external delivery and track versions of the delivered system.
B. Track requests for changes to the software by customers and developers.
C. Track the different versions of the system components and ensure changes do not interfere.
D. Process of assembling program components and then compiling and linking into a executable.
ANSWER: A

A01-L21-Q02-The release alpha...:
A. describes what portions of the system's functionality in each release.
B. is a secondary phase to begin software testing after all code features are complete.
C. is the first phase to begin software testing and they are usually not available to customers.
D. A and C are correct.
ANSWER: C

A01-L21-Q03-A version is:
A. The assignment of a unique tag identifier to specific states of the software items.
B. A publication of a software configuration item associated with a compilation of that item.
C. Explicit identifier of a software inserted into each configuration item.
D. None of them are correct.
ANSWER: B

A01-L21-Q04-A basic branching process should have:
A. Development, feature, release, master branches.
B. Development, version, master, testing, fixing branches.
C. Release, version, master, alpha, beta branches.
D. None of them are correct.
ANSWER: A

A01-L21-Q05-The set of rules for versioning are:
A. Major, minor, version.
B. It does not exist any specific criteria.
C. Major, minor, patch.
D. None of the answers are correct.
ANSWER: C

A01-L21-Q06-Who said "Everything flows, nothing remains":
A. Heraclitus from Ephesus.
B. Hercules from Ephesus. 
C. Hercules Poirot. 
D. Zeus from Ephesus.
ANSWER: A

A01-L21-Q07-What are basic activities of configuration Management:
A. Chain Management, Problem Management, Program Construction, Release Management.
B. Change Management, Version Management, Software System Construction, Release Management. 
C. Plan Management, Search Management, Construction of Increments, Value Management.
D. Tools Management, Patch Management, Glossry  Construction, Release Management.
ANSWER: B

A01-L21-Q08-In M-m-p for each letter stands for:
A. M is mangement, m is money, p is place.
B. M is mangement, m is major, p is place.
C. M is money, m is mangement, p is patch.
D. M is major, m is minor, p is patch.
ANSWER: D

A01-L21-Q09-What is branching:
A. Software version formally made available to the community.
B. Aggregation of work products that are designed to be integrated into the configuration control and are treated as simple entities in the associated processes.
C. The creation of a new baseline from an existing version, the new baseline and the existing one can be developed independently.
D. It is a set of versions of a software component and other configuration elements on which that component depends.
ANSWER: C

A01-L21-Q10-Which of rules for versioning is FALSE:
A. Version 1-0-0 defines the public API.
B. Version greater than 0 (0-Y-Z) is for initial development.
C. After a release, the numbers are changed, and the next version should be 1-0-0 + Y.
D. Precedence should be calculated by separating the major minor patch and pre-release identifiers in that order. 
ANSWER: C

A01-L21-Q11: The purpose of Configuration Management is:
A. To manage and control the team groups during the life cycle.
B. To manage and control th esystem elements and configurations after the life cycle.
C. To manage and control the team groups after the life cycle.
D. To manage and control th esystem elements and configurations during the life cycle. 
ANSWER: D

A01-L21-Q12: What feature of the product does the Configuration Management establish:
A. The integrity
B. The optimization.
C. The completeness.
D. The progress.
ANSWER: A

A01-L21-Q13: What is a tag?
A. A tool used to track change proposals. 
B. A plan that describes what portions of a system's functionality will be implemented in each release.
C. Explicit and immutable identifier of a software version.
D. None of the other answers is correct.
ANSWER: C

A01-L21-Q14: The Change Management gives priority to:
A. The fastest changest.
B. The most urgent and profitable changes. 
C. The easiest changes.
D. The more recent changes.
ANSWER: B

A01-L21-Q15: Which is the aim of branching? 
A. The allow programmers to work faster by their own.
B. The not merge the lines of code. 
C. To prevent the work of several programmers from conflicting due to collisions.
D. It does not allow programmers to work on their own line of work.
ANSWER: C

A01-L21-Q16-Which one of them is a basic activity of configuration management?:
A. Release Management.
B. Change Management.
C. All of them.
D. Software system construction.
ANSWER: C 

A01-L21-Q17-What is a Configuration Management Plan?:
A. A document that establishes the necessary elements to exercise configuration management.
B. It is a set of versions of a software component and other configuration elements on which that component depends.
C. Aggregation of work products that are designed to be integrated into the configuration control and are treated as simple entities in the associated processes.
D. A document that establishes the necessary steps and processes to exercise configuration management.
ANSWER: A

A01-L21-Q18-When should we increase our patch version?:
A. Changes not compatible with the previous version are introduced to the Public API.
B. When we introduce only changes compatible with the previous version are introduced.
C. None of them.
D. A new functionality compatible with the previous version is introduced.
ANSWER: B

A01-L21-Q19-What can be included in a release?:
A. All of them.
B. System executable code.
C. Data files, such as error message files, required for system operation.
D. Electronic and written documentation describing the system.
ANSWER: A

A01-L21-Q20-What is a Delta?:
A. It is a set of versions of a software component and other configuration elements on which that component depends.
B. Collection of configuration items that have been added or changed and that have been tested and introduced into the development environment.
C. It is a version of a product with the minimum but sufficient characteristics that allows to determine if the most important customer requirements are satisfied. They also serve to obtain feedback from customers.
D. Any increase generated after an iteration of the development It can be a module, a class, a document... or in general any configuration element in the configuration management database.
ANSWER: D

A01-L21-Q21-Which of them is a basic activity of configuration management?:
A. All the answers are correct.
B. Change management.
C. Version management.
D. Release management.
ANSWER: A

A01-L21-Q22-Which is the aim of configuration management basic activity Software System Construction?:
A. All the answers are wrong.
B. Process of assembling program components, data and libraries and then compiling and linking them to create an executable system.
C. Track the different versions of the system components and sure changes do not interefere with each other.
D. Prepare the software for external delivery.
ANSWER: B

A01-L21-Q23-What is branching?:
A. Group of people responsible for evaluating and accepting or rejecting proposed changes to configuration.
items and ensuring implementation of the proposed changes.
B. A baseline is a collection of component versions that build a system.
C. To carry out the necessary steps to produce an instance of a product.
D. The creation of a new baseline from an existing version. The new baseline and the existing one can be developed independently.
ANSWER: D

A01-L21-Q24-What semantic would you use to introduce a new patch with format (M.m.p)?:
A. Increasing the first parameter because is a major improve.
B. Increasing second parameter because is a minor improve.
C. Increasing the third parameter because is a bug fix and the interface does not change.
D. We do not have to change anything because the changes in a patch are not important.
ANSWER: C

A01-L21-Q25-In which activity of configuration management software gets prepared for external delivery?:
A. Software System Construction.
B. Change management.
C. Version management.
D. Release management.
ANSWER: D

A01-L21-Q26-Which of them is NOT a basic activity of configuration management?:
A. Advising the client.
B. Change management.
C. Version management.
D. Release management.
ANSWER: A

A01-L21-Q27-Which of these is the document that establishes the necessary elements to exercise configuration management?:
A. Configuration Management Plan.
B. Configuration Control Board.
C. Codeline.
D. Configuration Management Database.
ANSWER: A

A01-L21-Q28-What do the Version Management tools provide?:
A. Version identification and release.
B. Storage Management.
C. All of them.
D. Change history log.
ANSWER: C

A01-L21-Q29-What is the set of versions of a software component and other configuration elements on which that component depends, called?:
A. Codeline.
B. Storage Management.
C. Configuration Control Board.
D. History log.
ANSWER: A