A03-L31-Q01-Which of these descriptions fit the definition for "Quality" best?
A. The developed software fits the intended purpose, but has small errors.
B. The developed software fits the intended purpose, has small errors, but also fits other purposes.
C. The developed software does not fit the intended purpose, but is free of errors.
D. The developed software only fits parts of the intended purpose, but is free of errors.
ANSWER: A.

A03-L31-Q02-Within the characteristics of quality, we can see the characteristic "Has some restrictions" and "Linked to commitments". What does this imply?
A. Quality is expensive.
B. Version management is important.
C. Compromises have to be made.
D. Quality is related to the happiness of workers.
ANSWER: C

A03-L31-Q03-In most cases, it's not enough to just produce one product. Why?
A. Different user types have different requirements.
B. Management requires competition within the company itself.
C. Due to shortages in production materials.
D. Due to benefits in regards to tax.
ANSWER: A

A03-L31-Q04-When talking about Quality, we need to make a trade-off between two things. Which ones?
A. Cost and Production Materials Available.
B. Expectation of the client and reality.
C. Quality and Cost.
D. Supply and Demand.
ANSWER: C

A03-L31-Q05-What points does the "Continuously improvement cycle" consist of?
A. Plan - Do - Act - Check.
B. Plan - Act - Check - Do.
C. Act - Plan - Check - Do.
D. Plan - Do - Check - Act.
ANSWER: D

A03-L31-Q06-What is configuration management about?
A.- It's about the settings that we can have on applications such as graphics settings on video-games.
B.- It is the discipline that allows to control the integrity of the configuration of the project.
C.- It is about how to manage the project. 
D.- It is related to the order used to do different phases of the project. 
ANSWER: B

A03-L31-Q07-Which is the correct way to increment the number of a version?
A.- The first value is related to major updates, the second for minor updates and the last one for patches.
B.- The first value is related to major updates, the second for minor updates and the last one for the iteration where the change has been done.
C.- The first value only increments if it is the final version of the project, the rest is related to patches.
D.- The first value only increments for the amount of changes done, the rest is related to commercial purposes. 
ANSWER: A

A03-L31-Q08-What is the aim of branching? 
A.- To prevent the work of several workers to conflict due to collisions.
B.- To save on the computer of each worker the project. 
C.- Branches are only used to control the version of the project, they have no other purpose.
D.- None of them.
ANSWER: A 

A03-L31-Q09-What is the Master branch for? 
A.- To have a reference for the work.
B.- To sell the product.
C.- To have a control of the versions of the project and select the most complete components. 
D.- To create changes in the project.
ANSWER: C

A03-L31-Q10-We have a Person class on version 1.0.2, we have made minor changes, which would be the best version name?
A.- 2.0.0
B.- 1.1.3
C.- 1.0.4
D.- 2.0.3
ANSWER: B

A03-L31-Q11-Which are the configuration management's basic activities?
A.- Change management, Version management, Software system construction and Release management.
B.- Transition management, Version management, Software system construction and Release management.
C.- Transition management, Version management, Software system construction and Testing management.
D.- Change management, Implementation management, Software system construction and Release management.
ANSWER: A

A03-L31-Q12-What is branching?
A.- Collection of component versions that build a system.
B.- The creation of a new baseline from an existing version.
C.- Represents a milestone in each phase of development.
D.- Approved version of a configuration item.
ANSWER: B

A03-L31-Q13-What is the Alpha release?
A.- The alpha release is a secondary phase to begin testing.
B.- All are wrong.
C.- The alpha release is the first phase to begin software testing.
D.- A plan that describes prtions of a system's functionality.
ANSWER: C

A03-L31-Q14-Which is the rule for versioning? 
A.- Ther version number will take the from X.Y.Z (Major, minor, patch).
B.- After a release, the numbers remain fixed, and the next version should be X+1.Y.Z.
C.- Version 1.0.0. defines the public API.
D.- All are rules for versioning.
ANSWER: D

A03-L31-Q15-A characteristic of the release branch: 
A.- We have the main branch with the version in development.
B.- We use this as a base to create branches.
C.- Freatures that are not required for the next release.
D.- When the defects found have been corrected and the desired freatures have been entered to release a new version.
ANSWER: D

A03-L31-Q16-What are the basics activities in the configuration management?
A.-Change Management, Version Management, System Development and Release Management
B.- Change Management, Version Management, Software System Contruction and Release Management
C.- Configuration Management, Version Management, Software Release Management and Release Management
D.-Change Management, Branching Process, Software System Contruction and final Management
ANSWER: C

A03-L31-Q17-What is change request?
A.- A request from an internal or external client to make a change to the configuration baseline.
B.- A request from our teammates to make a change to the configuration baseline.
C.- A request from an internal or external client to make a change to the configuration codeline.
D.- It is a set of versions of a software component and other configuration elements on which that component depends.
ANSWER: B

A03-L31-Q18-What is Release Beta?
A.- The beta pase of the release cycle is the first phase to begin software testing. Alpha versions may potentially contain stability issues and are not available to customers.
B.- The Beta phase of the release cycle is a secondary phase to begin software testing after all code features are complete and after bugs found during the Alpha release have been fixed.
C.- A plan that describes what portions of a system's functionality will be implemented in each release and the rationale for each reléase.
D.- The final release of our codeline.
ANSWER: B

A03-L31-Q19-About the release concept…
A.- It is a version of a software system that is distributed to customers.
B.- According to the type of software could be Major Release or minor reléase.
C.- Every release could include system executable.
D.- All the sentences are true. 
ANSER: D

A03-L31-Q20-What is a rule for versioning?
A.- Version 1.0.0 defines the public API.
B.- The version number will take the form X.Y.Z
C.- Major version X (X.y.z | X> 0) should be increased if any changes not compatible with the previous version are introduced to the Public API.
D.- All the sentences are true. 
ANSWER: D

A03-L2-Q21: Which option is given the correct order?
A.Incomplete-Managed-Established -Predictable-Optimizing - Performed
B.Incomplete - Performed-Established-Managed -Predictable-Optimizing
C.Incomplete-Predictable - Performed-Managed-Established -Optimizing
D.Incomplete-Predictable - Performed-Managed-Established -Optimizing
ANSWER: D

A03-L2-Q22: What is the purpose of Configuration Management?
A.To examine the relationship between systems
B.To manage and control system elements and configurations during the life cycle
C.To take care of just the build phase
D.To examine the relationship between the product and the system
ANSWER:B

A03-L2-Q23: Which of the following sentences about the particular versions in M.m.p. is true?
A. Bug fixes that do not change the interface of a class are represented by increasing the minor
B. Changes and additions that do not break the compability of depencies are represented by increasing the minor
C. Changes and additions that break the compability increase the patch.
D. None of the above is correct.
ANSWER: B

A03-L2-Q24: What is not a Characteristics of Quality
A.Multi-dimensional
B.Has no restrictions
C.Linked to commitment
D.It is not absolute
ANSWER: B

A03-L2-Q25: Which phase of release may potentially contain stability issues and are not available to customers.
A.Release Alpha
B.Release Beta
C.Release Plan
D.Release Meta
ANSWER: A

