A03-L32-Q01-Which is testing objetive?
A.- Show the program works properly.
B.- Find errors before the project goes to production.
C.- To make sure all the client wants is in the project.
D.- None of the above.
ANSWER: B

A03-L32-Q02-If the programmer makes a mistake while coding, which type of error it would be?
A.- Random errors.
B.- Systematic errors.
C.- Failure error. 
D.- Testing error.
ANSWER: B

A03-L32-Q03-Which is the difference between a Test Case and a Test Suite?
A.- They are the same.
B.- A Test Suite is a combination of Test Cases.
C.- A and B are false.
D.- None of the above.
ANSWER:B

A03-L32-Q04-Which are the Levels of Testing?
A.- Black box and White box.
B.- Only Black box.
C.- Only White box.
D.- There are no levels in testing, as all of the code should be tested with all of the cases that could happen. 
ANSWER: A.

A03-L32-Q05-What is an Unitary Test?
A.- They are focused on one class, a concrete method or a subsystem.
B.- Is a test of the whole project at the same time. 
C.- Is only the test of one method of one class.
D.- None of the above.
ANSWER: A.

A03-L41-Q06-What does a test case NOT contain?
A. A set of input values.
B. A set of expected results.
C. A set of post-conditions after execution.
D. A set of steps to follow whenever a test fails (troubleshooting).
ANSWER: D

A03-L41-Q07-A test case defines...?
A. A concrete condition to be reached.
B. A functional requirement.
C. A use case.
D. The documentation of a problem.
ANSWER: A

A03-L41-Q08-Who should NOT be checking code for errors?
A. An employee from a different company specialized on testing.
B. The developer who wrote that code.
C. An employee specialized on testing.
D. A freshman student on their first day of the job as a software tester.
ANSWER: B

A03-L41-Q09-If, in a test scenario, we only know about the input and the output of a function, but not the function itself, what test level are we talking about?
A. An obfuscation test.
B. A white box test.
C. A black box test.
D. A structural test.
ANSWER: C

A03-L41-Q10-What do we know in a black box test scenario?
A. The input and output data.
B. The internal structure of the program.
C. The coverage of the executed code.
D. Other functions that were used within that code.
ANSWER: A

A03-L04-Q011-Select the false statement from Black box test:
A. Output data is observed.
B. Inputs are unknown.
C. Elements under test executed with a set of input data.
D. Outputs are known.
ANSWER: B

A03-L04-Q012-Which is not a V-Model for testing?
A. Acceptance test design.
B. System test design.
C. Integration test design.
D. Coding test design.
ANSWER: D

A03-L04-Q13-Which is not a system test subtype?
A. Performance test.
B. Security test.
C. Recognition test.
D. Stress test.
ANSWER: C

A03-L04-Q14-Which is not a coverage criteria strategy?
A. Each use.
B. Pairwise.
C. N-wise.
D. All are coverage criteria strategy.
ANSWER: D

A03-L04-Q15- Select the test-based methodology:
A. TDD.
B. All are test-based methodologies.
C. BDD.
D. ABDD.
ANSWER: B

A03-L04-Q16-About the unit tests..
A.	Application focused on the “test unit”.
B.	They are focused on software architecture.
C.	Quite similar to system tests.
D.	Owing to its nature, black box tests and usually executed manually.
ANSWER: A
A03-L04-Q17-The heavy variant.
A.	In addition to values taken by previous variant, it takes next and previous values to the boundary ones of the current equivalence class.
B.	It takes boundary values of the current equivalence class as well as boundary values of the adjacent class.
C.	It takes random values .
D.	It takes values that are given from the client.
E.	ANSWER: A
A03-L04-Q18-What is the key to the tests success?
A.	Usage of appropiate values.
B.	Usage random values.
C.	Usage the values that we know are successful.
D.	Usage only false values.
ANSWER: A
A03-L04-Q19-What is Conditions/Decision coverage?
A.	It is met when every condition is true and false and the whole truth table for the decision is considered.
B.	It is met when every condition and decision are evaluated to true and false at least once.
C.	Can detect the highest number of failures.
D.	It can be assumed the program will behave in the same way for any value of the equivalence class.
ANSWER: B
A03-L04-Q20-About the Boundary values.
A.	This strategy selects values that the client give us.
B.	This strategy selects values that we know their result.
C.	This strategy selects values in the equivalence class boundaries.
D.	This strategy selects random values.
ANSWER: D

A03-L4-Q21 The definition 'set of input values, pre-conditions for execution, expected results, post-conditions after executions, with a concrete goal' belongs to:

A) ORACLE

B) Test Case

C) Defect / BUG

D) Failure

ANSWER: B

A03-L4-Q22 Which is NOT a mutation generation advantages?

A) Mutation generation can be used as indicator of quality of the test suite

B) Mutation generation figures out ambiguities in the source code under testing

C) Mutation generation is not applicable for all projects.

D) Mutation generation allows to improve a test suite in an interative process.

ANSWER: C

A03-L4-Q23 Test Driven Methodologies... 

A) Drives the design and creation of a software starting from tests.

B) Drives the design and creation of a software but using a higher abstraction level.

C) Is used in terms of business goals.

C) No one is correct.

ANSWER: A

A03-L4-Q24 Types of Coverage are:

A. Statement Coverage, Decision Coverage, Condition Coverage, Condition/Decision Coverage, Multiple Condition Coverage, Modified condition/decision coverage

B. Decision Coverage, Condition Coverage, Condition/Decision Coverage, Mutation Coverage, Multiple Condition Coverage, Modified condition/decision coverage

C. Statement Coverage, Condition Coverage, Condition/Decision Coverage, Multiple Condition Coverage, Modified condition/decision coverage

D. Statement Coverage, Mutation Coverage, Decision Coverage, Multiple Condition Coverage, Modified condition/decision coverage. 

ANSWER: A.

A03-L4-Q25 What is the goal of Integration Tests?

A. Its focused on the 'test unit'.

B. Check that tests units works well after integrating the tested classes.

C. Check whether the system behaves appropiately with its environment or not.

D. Check whether the system behaves appropiately with its environment or not, but this function is executed by the customer that contracted the software.

ANSWER: B. 

